hold your fucking tongues
align yourselves with Rome
to what end?
how it is to be measured?
he speaks out of turn, yet the truth falls from his mouth
I've asked the gods to bless your sword
nothing will keep me from returning to your arms
hold the line!
my own shit would taste better
we will finish this discussion later
too brief to tell
Greeks are of pressing concern
the Senate chamber is full of whispers of your early return
get out of my sight
ingrate shitholes
he is in a fine state
he refuses his daughter nothing when pleaded with a teary eye
Barca, the Beast of Carthage
the god of blood and sand, Crixus
gratitude to Batiatus
that man has fingers in all the proper assholes
good to lay the eyes, old friend
I should witness his heart on a day apart from his chest
I would hold something of note for the last
by this condition, I doubt he could survive to the quarter moon
I never cared to ask
there is no life without you
the gods themselves could not keep me from your side
the pig-fucker's still alive
I give no shit to who he is
smells like fresh shit
the Undefeated
that explains why you smell like a woman
we will revisit that remark after you gain your strength
pile of shit, not a cock among them
prove yourselves in the hard days to follow
prove yourselves more than a common slave
fail and die
he embraces it, caresses it.
none of you stray dogs would last a fleeting moment
gaze at this man, study him, and realize, he is nothing
your name, your life is what we decide
become entangled with a more powerful opponent and you are dead
introduce your brains to the sand
above this unfortunate collection
better, yes, within the reach of my purse, no
bake them into brick or crumble them to the mines
your will, my hands
the shit would be running down your leg
speaking otherwise is bloated air
win the hearts of the crowd
keep pace!
return to your dreams
it's in the hands of the gods now
Jupiter's cock!
I ask nothing in return
your life is no longer yours to bargain
these common dishes leave my stomach unsettled
Jupiter could hurl a bolt at any moment
oh, apologies
the choice is yours
positions!
one final lesson before I send you to the afterlife
yet his tongue still manages to find his way to the magistrate's asshole
odds the meal would be your last
a man's fame and glory constructs its own truth
I seek neither
she has very refined tastes
the lands from which you hail matters no longer
the only thing that does is the sound of my voice
one not to be straightened
my blood rises
a gladiator's first distraction is his last
the oath I swore to this place did not include begging
Pluto's asshole
the answer has no balance with your actions
may the gods be with you
we should prove otherwise
to what aim
away from prying ears
perhaps this gift will explain where words fail
the very ground trembles at his feet
his shadow eclipsing the sun
most men fall dead at the sight of the giant
they are the fortunate ones
a tale, to frighten children
this is no legend
only one man ever faced him and lived, and he breathes among us
now is not the hour for idle talk
is that all you are capable of?
his reputation is well earned
your name was on every tongue!
the decision is made!
a humble gift, for a goddess
thank you for the fucking obvious
ponder on that, while you fill your bellies
your tongue rattles too freely in your mouth!
if you value your cock attached to your balls
my words, cut off before completion
it's the only thing that keeps my heart beating
unfamiliar
he brings nothing but shame on us
I try with all my strength not to, but I am weak
he is beyond flesh, beyond blood and bone
prove yourselves worthy!
pathetic
remove it
I long for it
as I long to see it
that would be a blow from which this ludus would not recover
there was that so fucking hard?
you dishonor me
you need the gods to descend and fight by your side!
even then victory is doubtful
words, falling on deaf ears
attend your eyes, then
my failure, your lesson
to seperate your head from your neck
some herald that as a victory, I am not among them
fight as one, or die as two
show me the way to honor
may the gods grant us miracle
what bearing does that have?
but we will entreat them to reconsider
good foutune be with you
I do not honor this place
a fact well known
no dream beyond the cheering crowd?
we don't have much time and I would see it well used
the odds do not favor you
every man has his end
my honor of glory is long past
a beast that has never been tamed
we have seem misfortune
the humility of vacant purse and empty stomach
a Titan, his victory eclipsing all others!
I've had exchange with the cripple
freedom, the word is foreign to the tongue
as far as desire wills our feet
a man of higher principle, not so easily distracted
the sentiment is well received
wine has not passed my lips for many years
does she live? in memory
fuck your words, unless coupled with coin
the heart weighs heavy
it would not cause notice
is it delivered? as promised
unless his own eye told him it was so
my prayers, answered
you shared words with him?
you do not think before you speak
how did you fare?
the fear in your eyes betray the lie on your tongue
stories in conflict give me concern
let us put the past truly behind us
my words carry no weight
I will regain my position, Champion
I am well versed in dealing with such people
a minor victory, long forgotten
your cunning is sharper than any gladiator's sword
are you so eager to return to the medicus
in that frozen moment between life and death
to what purpose
embrace dreams when the sun falls
it simply overwhelms the senses
his happiness is our only concern
one to watch closely in the arena
do we have a problem?
it is never an easy thing to see a friend once loved now absent breath
caress my ear with words
it will not go unanswered, I promise you
you do not appear yourself
the time for begging is long past
we are committed
now lick my hole, the pig-fucker's still alive
absent your man Spartacus, Capua shall once again find itself in Pompeii's shadow
Crixus returned to form as promised
quickly! or see opportunity fade!
I'll be in your debt
yet today we shall witness justice!
gratitude seizes the tongue
there is no meaning to glory without your eyes to witness
my heart quickens at such a vision
I have admired your beauty from many years
a word from your lips could see the decision undone
how long have you hidden laughter behind a polite smile!
can I believe this will make a difference?
I will see your tongue ripped from your fucking mouth!
slayer of the shadow of death

