I’m leaving work
I’m terribly hungry
I’m in the shower
I’m at the doctor’s 	office
I’m getting ready for bed
I’m getting good at reading
I’m trying to explain myself
I’m trying to eat healthy
That marathon was very trying on me
I’m gonna send out my resume
I cannot have that behavior in my house
I cannot have you over tonight
I won’t have anything to do with that
I won’t have it any other way
I have forgotten the words
I have flown in an airplane
I used to work from home
I don’t have to unpack my bags
I don’t wanna order some food
I would like to answer that question
I plan to relax on vacation
I’ve decided to accept the job
I’ve decided to complete my degree
I’ve decided to extend my membership at the gym
I’ve decided to interview for the job
I was about to say the same thing
I didn’t mean to lie about what happened
I didn’t mean to stay out so late
I didn’t mean to leave you out
I didn’t mean to cause trouble
I don’t have time to explain
I promise not to leave without you
I promise I am telling the truth
I’d like to eat at home than go get fast food
I’d rather stay late than come in early tomorrow
I feel like having friends over to my house
I feel like going for a bike ride
I don’t feel like explaining
I don’t feel comfortable talking about it
I don’t feel like we are going in the right direction
I can’t help remembering the things you did
I was busy talking on the phone
I am busy thinking of ideas for our website
I’m not used to talking in front of groups of people
I want you to come home right after school
I need you to greet our guests
I’m here to raise awareness for cancer
I’m here to receive the award
I have something special planned for your birthday
I have something to apologize about
I’m looking forward to going on vacation
I’m looking forward to spending time with my family
I’m calling to book a reservation at your restaurant
I’m working on a new idea
I’m sorry to end this relationship
I’m thinking of checking out the new movie
I’m thinking of filming my vacation
I’m thinking of following a healthy diet
I’m thinking of lauching a new website
I’m thinking of moving to a new city
I’m thinking of opening up a store
I’ll help you prevent that from happening again
I’ll help you shop for groceries
I’m dying to expand my business
I’m dying to check my score on the test
It’s my turn to walk you home
It’s my turn to do laundry
It’s my turn to take out the trash
It’s my turn to attempt solving the problem
It’s hard for me to accept what you are telling me
It’s hard for me to balance my check book
It’s hard for me to handle so much pressure
I’m having a hard time answering your question
I’m having an extremely hard time with my wife
I’ve heard that you want to leave your job
It occurred to me that eating healthy makes me feel better
It had occurred to me that I forgot something at the grocery
Thank you for informing me about the job opening
Thank you for heating up dinner
I’m not sure if it will matter
Do you mind if we left early?
Would you mind if I changed the channel?
Would you mind being quiet for a minute?
I don’t know what to do with my spare time
I should have studied more for my test
I shall go outside if it’s nice out
I wish I could settle the argument
I wish I could own my own business
You should request a raise at work
You’re supposed to stop when at a red light
You seem unhappy with the results
You seem elated to hear the good news
You’d better hope for the best
Are you into working out at home or at the gym?
Are you into travelling?
Are you trying to pretend like it never happened?
Don’t concern yourself with other people’s problems
How often do you report to your supervisor
I want to be more involved at church
What do you think about working overtime next week?
What do you think about waiting in line for tickets?
What do you think about staying here another night?
Why don’t we go bowling tonight?
It’s too bad that she lost her job
It’s too bad that my work has to lay off people
You could have blown your chance
You could have slept in a little longer
If I were you, I would book my reservations now
If I were you, I would have explained what happened
It looks like it’s gonna be depressing
He’s gonna be tough to deal with
He’s gonna be terrific at that
She’s gonna be relieved to hear that
Mike’s gonna be grumpy after I tell him
It looks like he is waving to us
That’s why you fail to understand
That’s why you help out people in need
That’s why she smiles when you walk by
It’s time to fill me in on what’s going on
The point is that we need this done today
How was your doctor’s appointment?
How was the airplane ride?
How were people acting after what happened?
How about folding the laundry for me?
How about exploring new ideas?
What if I were late to dinner?
What if it rains while we are camping?
How much does it cost to join a gym?
How much would it cost to run a website?
How come people carpool to work?
How come she will not come over?
What are the chances of winning the lottery?
What are our chances of staying together?
What are the chances of you staying home today?
There is something wrong with your way of thinking
There is something wrong with your attitude
There is something wrong with our relationship
Let’s not meddle in other people’s business
Let’s not interrupt them when they are talking
Let’s say that you love to fish
There’s no need to act so shy
There’s no need to rush off
Please make sure that your assignment is done
Here’s to the winner!
Here’s to the luckiest guy in the world!
It’s no use whining about it
It’s no use attempting to please him
There’s no way your mother approves
It’s very kind of you to fill me in
There’s nothing she can cook
There’s nothing we cannot accomplish
Rumor has it that your sister got in trouble


